what's with the jeans night oh shit
Chang that's why we hired you Jane
chicky chicky
okay the fill her up seal her shut so
harsh so we need new song it's not copy
written by Mexican mariachi band yeah
here we go submission number one from
Ethan what do you think fill her up and
seal her shut here we go
it's good it's it's it's good it's like
salty it's like a version of a popular
song though right it's like just just
right it's like a tweets or no Death Cab
for Cutie tight and then his audio
didn't seem clear to me yeah it's a
little hard to hear muffled if that was
fixed we need to get it fixed if we
picked that so he needs a just a clear
young on that same song all right well I
still like it yeah I like that a lot
John submitted this fill her up and a
dealership
kind of all you need like that it's good
simple and we don't have anything with a
country-western vibe so really you ride
differentiates itself from the other
themes we have yep I do like that I do
like that very I'm this one's from Chris
let's see Chris is entry for fill her up
and her up
fill er up and seal her shut filled her
up seal her Shire
fill her up it's kind of like a craft of
a kind of yeah you know new wave sort of
feelings Ally expect naps he made it
that was that one was really good I
thought I you know I I'm torn between
the country-western and this yeah this
is another entry yeah it's good - it's
really good I like it a lot religious
back Thank You Lee this is so hard
phoof who's this right here who's this
fucking gay fucking okay mm yeah
I'm a fan yeah okay Wow the bevy of
talent amongst our listeners CP TP TP k
that's fuckin phenomenal dude yeah it's
just it's too much talent I die I'm
total Oh Matthew said this is Oh see he
he stuck with survivor
the last yeah feels more Latin vibe
good very good
thank you sir we'll leave you guys we
need to get by the way can we get a poll
going for the filler up song we'll do a
fill er up poll okay so we'll do a
YouTube clip that's perfect we'll do a
YouTube clip saying hey here's the
filler up contestants and then you guys
can say underneath that in the comments
the first one the second one or yeah
let's have listeners cuz I'm really torn
yeah these are I can't decide I'd love
for you guys to comment on it so we'll
do that